up next to perform is than the other
singing yes right that's right I know
your love Daniela wait for it she was
singing like you by Adele a round of
applause for her hello West Africa it's
her very own daniella tonight I'll be
doing the song someone like you by Adele
this was song I did before I got into
the Academy so tonight I intend by God's
grace to put all that I've learned from
the faculty to work and give you the
best performance of that so sit back and
enjoy
I heard that you settled down that you
found a girl and you're married now
I heard that your dreams came true guess
she gave you things I didn't give to you
old friend why are you sunshine it ain't
like you
I hate to turn up out of the blue
uninvited but I couldn't stay away I
couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see
my face and that you'd be reminded that
for me it is an over compares no worries
or cares regrets and mistakes they're
memories
would have known how bittersweet
stop
sometimes
sometimes hurts instead
Oh
wow that was epically beautiful all
right judges what did you think of them
Gallia's breathtaking performance Wow
I think we totally I agree that that was
a beautiful performance that was a
beautiful performance but I like to
highlight certain things about your
performance tonight which is the fact
that you understood everything you were
singing about you were very deliberate
on your body movements everything every
movement was deliberate your your voice
every note you made was deliberate she
was absolutely convincing and amazing
and you look beautiful in that course
faculty what did you think
better than a trance
now that is the denilla I saw when she
came here as a wildcard contestant so
far you are the best even though they've
been true the best wildcard contestant
now
awesome alright Daniela now as they've
judge as Uncle Ben just mentioned you
were a wildcard contestant how did that
make you feel going into the Academy
where you kind of nervous did you feel
like you know was gonna be a hinderance
to actually getting to the final stage I
was absolutely nervous because I was I
came in the fifth week yes yeah it was
like a civilian walking into a comp of
already trained soldiers so I was quite
nervous but I knew I knew it was going
to be a fight and I was up to it I felt
up to it and thank God for the faculty
thank God for the faculty and I have
moved I've moved way high if you watch
the before of this particular song you
know that far away from where I was
thank you thank you thank you so much
thank you